sWhat happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository a .git file is created to store previous
	versions of the files in the repository. You need to do it in order to
	create a repository of the directory that you want.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is an intermediate stage where files from the working directory
	are added to initialize a repository. It allows us to select which files from the
	working directory we want to add to a repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Once you think you have made a significant change in a certain file, you
	can add the file to the staging area and then make a commit. This way, you
	can make sure each commit has a logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	If you want to try something or create a different version of a file while
	keeping and working on the orginal, branching would be very useful. Branches
	allow you to keep separate versions of a file and work on each of them
	independently.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By creating diagrams, we get a lucid idea of where new branches are being created
	and at which points the original branches have diverged. This helps us visualize
	the branch structure.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	When two branches are merged together, any lines that one user removes from
	the original version are removed and lines that are added by a user are
	added. By representing it in a diagram, we can efficiently compare the edits
	that were made by the users.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git's automatic merging can be very useful in merging files easily and
	efficiently which will save a lot of time, while ensuring that most
	of the time important additions or deletions are kept. However, once
	in a while, the merge may not be exactly what is desired. It can't choose
	the better version of a block of text if it is edited in two or more branches.
